---
layout: post
title:      "Finding a field I truly love to work in"
date:       2017-12-28 17:24:53 +0000
permalink:  finding_a_field_i_truly_love_to_work_in
---


I have always been interested in two things, nature and technology.  For a long time I was dead set on having a job that required me to be outside in nature everyday. While I was interested in technology, it seemed more of a hobby or side project rather then doing it as an actual career, which is why I got my degree in Criminology. I had always dreamed of moving out to Oregon and working as a Game Warden. However, to make a long story short, I realized in my last year of college that the life of a officer regardless of the environment I was working in did not match what I really wanted. I began to noticed that I really enjoyed working with others, not only amongst them, but collectively on the same problem looking for ways to be more effective and efficient. Realizing this I changed my career focus on working in the tech industry and was lucky enough to get a job right out of college at a tech company who designed custom high-end virtural reality systems. I was a technicain who help build and test the systems at our facility in Iowa before we would ship it out and rebuild it on site. It was through this job that I had the opportunity to work with some of our software engineers who were the ones to introduce me to the world of programming. Not only were they doing a job that I found interesting, they had a similar mindset as me and really enjoyed their jobs and working with each other. After almost two years with this company and spending many late nights working alongside these guys I knew this is the career field I wanted to be in, problem was I didnt know how to get my foot in the door. Everyone who worked in the software department had either a degree in computer science/engineering or many years of experience. So I debated going back to school as well as just being self taught, but I knew going back to school for another four years would was not what I wanted and teaching yourself has worked for a lot of people but it would not work well with my style of learning. That is when I came across coding bootcamps, being in a environment with others in a similar position as well as self paced really allowed me to get the knowledge I need in a way the best fits my style of learning. As people get older they learn more about themselves as well as general knowledge about life. In general people should do what they enjoy doing, and enjoy the things they enjoy. Which might sound confusing but for me being outdoors is something I enjoy and is relaxing for when I need to get away, however, I would never want to do it as a job as it would take the relaxing aspect of it away.  Programming is something I love doing, it is hard and frustrating at times but once you finally figure it out the reward so worth it.
